OBSDOCS-3318 [DOC] Documentation for Perses Dashboard (#111992)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/coo-about-monitoring-ui-plugin.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:

// * observability/cluster_observability_operator/ui_plugins/monitoring-ui-plugin.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="coo-about-monitoring-ui-plugin_{context}"]
= About the {coo-full} monitoring UI plugin

[role="_abstract"]

> The monitoring UI plugin extends the Administrator perspective of the {ocp-product-title} web console with advanced monitoring capabilities, including integration with {rh-rhacm} for centralized alert management and incident detection for streamlined alert correlation and troubleshooting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The monitoring UI plugin extends the {ocp-product-title} web console with advanced monitoring capabilities, including integration with {rh-rhacm} for centralized alert management and incident detection for streamlined alert correlation and troubleshooting.
```

The monitoring UI plugin includes ACM alerting UI in the ACM perspective, and perses dashboards in the ACM and virt perspective

> * **{rh-rhacm}:** The monitoring plugin in {coo-first} allows it to function in {rh-rhacm-first} environments, providing {rh-rhacm} with the same alerting capabilities as {ocp-product-title}. You can configure the plugin to fetch alerts from the {rh-rhacm} Alertmanager backend. This enables seamless integration and user experience by aligning {rh-rhacm} and {ocp-product-title} monitoring workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **{rh-rhacm}:** The monitoring plugin in {coo-first} allows it to function in {rh-rhacm-first} environments, providing {rh-rhacm} with the same alerting capabilities as {ocp-product-title}. You can configure the plugin to fetch alerts from the {rh-rhacm} Alertmanager and Thanos backends. This enables seamless integration and user experience by aligning {rh-rhacm} and {ocp-product-title} monitoring workflows.
```
